Map Maker Changes (#757)
MT-CTF/capturetheflag: mods/ctf/ctf_map/map_maker/README.md

### 4. Place barriers

* The barrier is a plane defined by co-ordinate (=0).

> * If you chooze `X=0` The barrier will be placed having the X co-ordinate as 0. But from a few months, the `X=0` co-ordinate creates bugs and errors. It's better if you choose `Z=0` for creating your map.
> * If you chooze `Z=0` The barrier will be placed having the Z co-ordinate as 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you choose `X=0` The barrier will be placed having the X co-ordinate as 0. But from a few months, the `X=0` co-ordinate creates bugs and errors. It's better if you choose `Z=0` for creating your map.
* If you choose `Z=0` The barrier will be placed having the Z co-ordinate as 0.
```

### 4. Place barriers

* The barrier is a plane defined by Z=0.

> * The barrier will be placed having the Z co-ordinate as 0.

Reviewer: I don't think that removing these lines is a good idea. We will need them later after map maker mod is fixed.

I would suggest  ~~crossing~~ these lines if possible, and then adding line that tells why X=0 doesn't work.

Reviewer: And modifying map maker's `gui.lua` isn't good idea too. I think adding just line that tells why X=0 doesn't work to documentation would be fine.

Author: why @JostP ?

Reviewer: > We will need them later after map maker mod is fixed.

> Whoever will try to fix map maker mod, he will need not-modified code.

Author: You mean you need `X=0`?

### 4. Place barriers

* The barrier is a plane defined by co-ordinate (=0).

> * If you choose `X=0` The barrier will be placed having the X co-ordinate as 0. But from a few months, the `X=0` co-ordinate creates bugs and errors. It's better if you choose `Z=0` for creating your map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you choose `X=0` the barrier will be placed having the X co-ordinate as 0. But from a few months, the `X=0` co-ordinate creates bugs and errors. It's better if you choose `Z=0` for creating your map.
```

An example `treasures` value that registers steel pick, shotgun, and grenade:

```properties
treasures = default:pick_steel,0.5,5,1,10;shooter:shotgun,0.04,2,1;shooter:grenade,0.08,2,1
```

(See [here](../../../other/treasurer/README.md) to understand the magic numbers)

#### `initial_stuff`

> The `initial_stuff` are the items given to everyone at their (re)spawn. A pickaxe and a torch is promoted to be given in the maps `initial_stuff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`initial_stuff` are the items given to players at their (re)spawn. At least pickaxe and some torches should be given in the map's `initial_stuff`.
```

> An example `initial_stuff` value that registers a stone pickaxe, 30 cobblestones and 5 torches is given below.
> 
> ```properties
> initial_stuff = default:pick_stone,default:cobble 30,default:torch 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of `initial_stuff` value that registers a stone pickaxe, 30 cobblestones, 5 torches and a pistol is given below.

```properties
initial_stuff = default:pick_stone,default:cobble 30,default:torch 5,shooter:pistol
```

* `skybox_5.png` - south
* `skybox_6.png` - north

You have to include skybox license in `license` in `map.conf` file. We can only accept Free Software licenses, e.g. `CC0`, `CC BY 3.0`, `CC BY 4.0`, `CC BY-SA 3.0`, `CC BY-SA 4.0`.
Before you test your skybox images in local CTF game, run the `update.sh` file in the `games/capturetheflag/` folder.

> You can find some good skyboxes with suitable licenses at [https://opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/art-search-advanced?field_art_tags_tid=skybox).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find some good skyboxes with suitable licenses at [opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/art-search-advanced?field_art_tags_tid=skybox) or [www.humus.name](https://www.humus.name/index.php?page=Textures).

```

* `skybox_5.png` - south
* `skybox_6.png` - north

> You have to include skybox license in `license` in `map.conf` file. We can only accept Free Software licenses, e.g. `CC0`, `CC BY 3.0`, `CC BY 4.0`, `CC BY-SA 3.0`, `CC BY-SA 4.0`. When you include the skybox images in the map's directory, run the `update.sh` file in the `games/capturetheflag/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to include skybox license in `license` in `map.conf` file. We can only accept Free Software licenses, e.g. `CC0`, `CC BY 3.0`, `CC BY 4.0`, `CC BY-SA 3.0`, `CC BY-SA 4.0`.
Before you test your skybox images in local CTF game, run the `update.sh` file in the `games/capturetheflag/` folder.
```

* `skybox_5.png` - south
* `skybox_6.png` - north

You have to include skybox license in `license` in `map.conf` file. We can only accept Free Software licenses, e.g. `CC0`, `CC BY 3.0`, `CC BY 4.0`, `CC BY-SA 3.0`, `CC BY-SA 4.0`.
Before you test your skybox images in local CTF game, run the `update.sh` file in the `games/capturetheflag/` folder.

You can find some good skyboxes with suitable licenses at [opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/art-search-advanced?field_art_tags_tid=skybox) or [www.humus.name](https://www.humus.name/index.php?page=Textures).
## Editing exported map

The easiest way to edit exported maps is the following:
* Create a world using `singlenode` mapgen. Enable `WorldEdit` and `ctf_map` mod,
* Go in the world's folder, create a folder named `schems`, and place the `map.mts` file inside,
* Start the game, `/grantme all` and enable `fly` (there is no ground in singlenode mapgen),
* Do `//1` to set the position where you will generate the map,

> * Do `//mtschemplace map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do `//mtschemplace map` (where `map` is the name of the mts file without `.mts`).
```
